Gwenevere Abriel: Lauren
Gwenevere Abriel: And understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's do a sound check, check, check. Sound check. Got did you will get sideways.
Lauren Anderson: I know I'm trying to make
Lauren Anderson: I don't know why my phone doesn't want to do it.
Lauren Anderson: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's
Lauren Anderson: You with this direction, it did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no. Some a mess with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, good morning. So we've got good audio. We've got good video you can hear me okay and it's it's in sync with my video. Yep. Okay, so are you. You're you look in sync with what you're saying, I'm going to pull up a note here.
Were you able to get a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: We able to get in a little walk with your, with your pup.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, we went around the block. So at least that then otherwise she gets a little grumpy. By the end of the meeting. She's like, you know,
Begun
Lauren Anderson: Like, what about my turn. When you talk to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: anytime he can. Yep.
Lauren Anderson: So we're going to big one. After this you guys even in campus, it's paradise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, how, how far away is that, that's cool. What
Lauren Anderson: From me. It's not that far. Do you live in Albuquerque or
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in Florida.
Lauren Anderson: Oh, okay. I wasn't sure. Um, I tell you look kind of familiar. I thought I had met you, maybe other different clinic. A few years ago, but
Lauren Anderson: Definitely not Florida, um,
Lauren Anderson: Let's see. It's a really steep hill from here to the UNAM but it's only once is sycamore may bowl ash pine and the university. It's like five blocks up a real steep hills to you and him and then it's a big
Lauren Anderson: You know, big square area campus. It's awesome, especially now, it's like, ghost town hardly
Lauren Anderson: Anybody is out.
Lauren Anderson: Anywhere. So yeah, it's really fun. It's Poppy paradise.
Gwenevere Abriel: I call it. There's just
Lauren Anderson: Infinite places to explore and there's a duck pond in the middle of the campus.
Lauren Anderson: So,
Lauren Anderson: Did you love to
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of Scituate your residence there kind of nearby school intentionally or was that kind of just an accident.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I've been in the UNAM area basically for a long time. I mean, I was taking classes until a couple years ago when I fell off.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of secondary to the substance use, being the most important thing was that like
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I lost my insurance and then I ran out of my meds of like summer 2013 I think are in. Anyways, it's a
Lauren Anderson: It was a year before some of them 2012 but
Lauren Anderson: It was 2013 sorry but uh, so yeah, once I ran out of that. I just slowly. Everything was kind of went by the wayside, unfortunately.
Lauren Anderson: Well, we get really
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we always eat what we studied
Lauren Anderson: A pure mathematics looks like abstract theoretical math and piano performance classical
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude, you're like, you've got one is that those kind of brains. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's great. I'm do not have that brain that's
Lauren Anderson: I love math. I know a lot of people just don't even like it even that are good at it, or whatever. But I've always. I mean, it's always been like game for me, you know, it's that much fun so much fun that all actually. To this day, pull up my calculus book.
And just no
Lauren Anderson: Fun. No, and the true nerd true geek.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a love that I'm
Lauren Anderson: Empty. I know I've always played piano since I was about to I saying when I was leaving like less than a year old with recording to me making these little songs
Lauren Anderson: And then started writing stuff on the piano when I was about to my mom showed me a couple things. And then it just, you know, flew from there started lessons with a lady. When I was when I started second grade eight seven. It just turned seven so
Gwenevere Abriel: So in the classes themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: At this is a community college. Correct. The one you just referenced.
Lauren Anderson: Know, University of New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sorry sorry you and I'm sorry yeah okay I'm
Lauren Anderson: driving down the street from seeing them, which is the Community College.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the pure mathematics, you know, no idea what chalk it up, but I wrote it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you take classes there. And you were advancing and you had like a double major wasn't music theory. It wasn't like you were doing two things like
Lauren Anderson: It's two different majors and as long as I complete. I think the math one first. The because I need a minor for that I've done music. I think it's the other way around. I have to
Lauren Anderson: Finish the degree in the music first and then the mass counts as a minor and then I can still also have a second degree in the math, but it has to be in that order in order for it to work. It's
Lauren Anderson: Kind of screwball i right now, I owe them tuition for semester, which I have a doctor's note for from the Student Health Center actually
Lauren Anderson: But, uh, by the time I tried to file that and get the tuition waived in order to do that. It's all online now i'd had to access my account which I couldn't do because I wasn't in good standing. Because I owed the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much catch 22. I know, I know a lot of. There's a lot of those out there. Um, so, how much do you have. Oh, and if you're uncomfortable telling me, then we can talk about that discomfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. No. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Semester. I think it's like a little under 2000
Lauren Anderson: Student Aid loans and stuff is a different story, but I don't need to make that perfect before I can get back in just that tuition.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now let me see got so like he just said, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, there's two grand, that's the part that might be holding you back from re-enrolling let's say you know the planets align and everything gets teed up
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's not about these other pieces these other pieces of money. It's really you've been able to sort of exact in on this, this
Lauren Anderson: I just needed to take rectify that semester.
Lauren Anderson: And then I think I'm in good standing with the University
Lauren Anderson: Yes, I think what the way I've got to do it is probably pay it, and then it afterwards retro retro grade or whatever, I'm
Lauren Anderson: Apply for the waiver and maybe get a reimbursement or get credited for the next semester probably gonna have to go in that order. Because otherwise, I think I'm going to be chasing my tail.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just now I'm taking a peek at
Gwenevere Abriel: What you had mentioned when you first met me about what your goals were
Gwenevere Abriel: And sort of juxtaposing them to the conversation we're having right now. One of the things you mentioned was I want to never use street drugs. Again, I never want to return to heroin. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: That's for sure.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's like, well, well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've never
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, and I really have no desire to him, you
Know,
Lauren Anderson: Even when I was, you know, I was miserable. I hated it. It was never a, I don't know, with the cocaine. It's different. A bit along you know romance history with that one, but the heroin was never, I never liked it. I was always
Lauren Anderson: A really hated about my friends that were doing it years ago worried about them and negative would let them in my house, you know, because it was I've had people still for me before it over. You know, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry romance is really about cocaine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess. Yeah, yeah.
Lauren Anderson: I do see
Gwenevere Abriel: So so so just
Gwenevere Abriel: Boo, boo. Yep. Okay, so where that first part meets your goal, which is I want to never use street drugs again cocaine is the one probably you'll be thinking of and that portion when you when you said that heart. I never want this.
Lauren Anderson: I don't know that I'm totally over the
Lauren Anderson: Moon about that part yet.
Lauren Anderson: But I never went. I definitely feel that way about
Lauren Anderson: Heroin and I've tried math a few times on. I never want to try that again. But it's the, I don't know. I'm not over the moon about that yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, we're wanting to use it again.
Lauren Anderson: To be honest,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the only way this is gonna work. I love it, love it.
Lauren Anderson: And that alcohol to is fits in the first category never want to touch it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it, and alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and but as far as like if you had to really say goodbye to one alcohol or cocaine, which one would you go kicking and screaming like
Lauren Anderson: Oh no, I'm not.
Lauren Anderson: I'm saying I'll goes in the in the same category with the heroin. I never want to use it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Lauren Anderson: Don't have a desire to never want to not an issue for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Easier easy like heroin alcohol. You could put it on a ship and be like, by
Lauren Anderson: Notification the
Lauren Anderson: Only thing, it's the, it's the physical
Lauren Anderson: Dependency is the problem with the heroin. That's
Lauren Anderson: Obviously, why I'm on the meds. But as far as desire. Yeah, no desire to
Lauren Anderson: Go back to it effort.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful really really zeroing in on what originally was this and now we're kind of getting more specific, very helpful. Thank you for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another thing, remember, I'm sort of taking what you shared when we first met, and I'm kind of cross referencing the discussion around this education, you know, that was probably very much in the forefront of what was directing day to day activities and
Lauren Anderson: And you were a big part of my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: So God even playing piano, it's
Lauren Anderson: From, from when I wake up when I go to sleep. That was my life and I loved it.
Lauren Anderson: You know, that's why. Yeah, last week I was feeling so down that I just don't even feel motivated to learn to read to read, learn to read. You know, to read
Lauren Anderson: Or to play piano. I just resident. I was having to force myself each day to at least do a little bit to, you know, keep me in the game, kind of, I guess, but
Lauren Anderson: But not feeling the desire which is not normal for me. I was used to having a lot of positive energy and wanting to do all these things so
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, I'm a
Lauren Anderson: Lot better today than I did. I think the first time I talked to you for sure. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just putting putting those sort of slowing time down and I'm taking
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of my life was all about school and and and furthering my interest in these two things this pure math and piano and your life really revolved around that.
Lauren Anderson: And and nanny.
Lauren Anderson: For my sister, my two nieces, they're born 2009 and 2013 but Britain and Hazel spelled like, Great Britain and Hazel named after my grandmother
Lauren Anderson: They're so precious and I was. That was their nanny. I watched them a whole lot. My sister did the, I think she's still doing it producing the
Lauren Anderson: Channel four Channel seven News Channel 14 so she was on when she started there the graveyard shift, she you know she was there all night, getting the news ready. So I would show up.
Lauren Anderson: 1030 or something and and watch the kids, and then I'd be there the whole next day while she slept on my days off. So I kind of had my school schedule, if I could to
Lauren Anderson: Help. My sister Marion with the with the little girls. So I would watch them. I think I my classes were on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Then, and I had one one Monday night one so I watched them.
Lauren Anderson: The other time. So that was kind of my full time job as far as how many hours. I was doing a week.
Lauren Anderson: That was one of the most painful things when I fell off was losing that you know I didn't want to be around, you know, I didn't want that around them or to be around them and I was ashamed. So losing Nanny nanny and watching the girls was it's still really painful to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And yeah, I can tell you're feeling it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We miss them.
Lauren Anderson: may miss when I love them.
Lauren Anderson: And I just, I can never get those years back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, it brings just we can use that negative stuff. And we can sharply bring into focus your motivation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to lose your, that's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: We use those negative reinforces and we say we don't want to lose time again.
Lauren Anderson: Get any more time yeah want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't spend time in regret. We don't spend, we just use it, we say, okay, we don't want to lose time again get back into the now for back here. And what I'm doing is I'm continuing to pull back up in front of both of us. This was the goal oriented time back then and includes
Gwenevere Abriel: Being and family. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Family. Yes. Okay. And your goals. Now, notice how your goals now are and I'm going to read them again. I want to never use street drugs. Again, I never want to return to heroin. You also mentioned, I want to find peace and work through my mental health issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about what you mean by that.
Lauren Anderson: Well, what comes up kind of on both sides of the fence, like a because I think I told you is that progress I no longer only hurt myself cut myself burn myself for
Lauren Anderson: The emotional relief because I'd cry for 3040 hours straight, and that was that would stop it. Finally, you know, exhausting. Then, and I'd be devastated and such a horrible state of despair, and that was the remedy, but after years of doing that, I, I, you know, got till like it. I
Lauren Anderson: Knew I don't know but I liked it. So I would do it sometimes in a good mood, just for the hell of it.
Lauren Anderson: Which can be kind of scary. So I'm kind of, I don't know. So I scared because I know each time I do it more drastically as well when I'm upset, especially each time. It's a little more severe.
Lauren Anderson: And that scares me a little, you know, because it's not a safe thing. That's why I don't on the gun because I know just
Lauren Anderson: Take that one moment of not feeling okay and you know not the, you know, this moment will pass so you don't feel that way sometimes when it's that bad. And so I just don't. I, I know I can't have it in the house because it's
Lauren Anderson: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Not safe.
Lauren Anderson: But, but at the same time, I enjoy. Okay, so I'm kind of on both sides with it. I want to get rid of it in my life because I know it's a risk, and I know it hurts my family when they see these things they don't understand why would do that to myself that really hurts them.
Lauren Anderson: And. But then at the same time. Like I said, I like it. Now, like another part of it that I feel both ways. I don't like it scares me. And on the other side. I really like it.
Lauren Anderson: It's enjoyable. It's fun.
Lauren Anderson: I like to play with blood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that like so many things we have this duel experience we have these contradictory is about the human condition, and you, you have another one. And you're aware of that. And you can see
Gwenevere Abriel: I hurts my family.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see it, but I like it hurts my family. There's a negative consequence, much like the substance right hurts my family and I miss my family, but I like it.
Lauren Anderson: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, there's these this dual thing going on inside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's another way that it shows up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as I continue to learn how you make meaning out of certain words and one of them is I wanted to check in on what is my client. How does she define mental health issues, right. I want to find peace and work through
Gwenevere Abriel: My mental health issues. I really wanted to understand what you meant, and now I'm getting closer and closer, I think I heard you say
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: I cut myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the thing that we're going to go through together. We're going to go through that we're going to understand it more. We're going to define more and more clearly what you want around the self injury.
Lauren Anderson: I don't know. I like it. I'm not sure that I am ready to that I want to address I guess maybe at the core more is the moods that bring on the
Lauren Anderson: Okay, severe mutilation, um,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, just those
Lauren Anderson: I stopped being able to maybe control my moods, a little better.
Lauren Anderson: I have extremes. I mean, I go way down and do those things. But I also
Lauren Anderson: I i've seen myself more elated and excited and energetic and positive and very productive creative than most people I know, also. So there's those, you know, you get the both extremes. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Can, can we know that
Lauren Anderson: That was always my problem with medications to say to even
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I don't know if that's if that's peace. I don't want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. I gotcha, I gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I think I get it. I'm going to put it in the same sort of category.
Gwenevere Abriel: As with the cocaine. It's like, no, I don't want to talk about get rid of that. Let's talk about this other piece. So let's do it. So I need a little bit more information if you could, I'd like to know the cycling. So timing of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Year. Are you familiar with the word hypomanic or manic is that word like you kind of like it.
Lauren Anderson: That way up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right way productive filling yet.
Lauren Anderson: But then I last time I
Lauren Anderson: Was a really, really big one that I stayed up for five and a half weeks maybe 48 hours of sleep total and the whole five and a half weeks and I was completely out of my gourd by the end of it. So it's not a good thing.
Lauren Anderson: You know, I couldn't sleep. I wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay with me stay with me as I continue to assess. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: So I know hypomanic yes good description of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's a word that we could use fluidly that could encapsulate reduce need for sleep high energy
Gwenevere Abriel: High, high confidence, I can get it all done. And I'm gonna and you move in move and move and accomplish. We can all encapsulate all of those behaviors in a really quick communication of
Gwenevere Abriel: mania manic hypomania we could kind of encapsulate it was one word and then we could move on to the next piece of our conversation without the
Lauren Anderson: Overhead. Wouldn't it be hyper mania not hypo
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Lauren Anderson: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Yes.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, hyper. Yeah, that's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Mike, it does not offend you, if I say mania or manic beautiful fantastic. Now I'd like to know a little bit about how fast it cycles. So slow way down as much as you can, try not to answer right away. Wait for it. Here it comes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically
Gwenevere Abriel: 24 hour time span. I see myself in a given 24 hours cycling through
Gwenevere Abriel: Depression rejection abandonment and all the way up to hyper productive mania and then dropping back down to miserable up and down in a single 24 hour period. Up and down within those 24 hours for
Gwenevere Abriel: Just kind of see which one you lean more towards that cycling's a little slower and that high might that mania might last days, and then it crashes down
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's this depression and that might last days and crying and maybe self injury to maybe they're in both, but the cycle itself. The high mania last days, and then the depression last days or months, tell me which one cycles in a day were more likely to cycle over many days.
Lauren Anderson: It's the longer one and within that I might have little blips of the opposite. Like you just described in the 24 hours. I'll have little, little fluctuations. But in general, it's definitely the longer cycle. I would say weeks or months, weeks of each. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And would you say today. What do you notice about where you are today just even in the span of time that you and I have been talking, which does it feel more like
Lauren Anderson: Still feel like I'm kind of coming out of the
Lauren Anderson: Self medication slump of heroin, which kind of just told everything down. So I wasn't really having those fluctuations, it pretty much just even me out, or I just wasn't. I was kind of just depressed, all the time. I just laid down all the time. Besides walking without
Gwenevere Abriel: And right now, Lauren. How do you feel
Lauren Anderson: Like I said, I'm still coming out of the slump. So I'm kind of in general, more depressed.
Lauren Anderson: And anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it right now. What I'm seeing is, I can only see in here. I only have those two things. What I'm seeing and hearing your experience of it is depression and anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: I'm yeah I'm still missing the energy that I used to have that feels more normal for me positive energy where I want to learn and get the absorbing things all my waking hours. I'm still waiting hoping for that to come, but I'm feeling a little better each week when I talk to you so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now even even on our conversation year you're experiencing it still with depression. Do you think the depression is the part that has you moving from, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: One topic to the next topic, just
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, absolutely.
Lauren Anderson: Depression well and and the manic, I was gonna say when we're talking about my school stuff.
Lauren Anderson: And the math and everything. I get, you know, I can get very manic, I think you've seen a lot where I start talking quickly get excited about things. So yeah, that's those miniature
Lauren Anderson: Fluctuations I I guess I would probably in general, even describe when I'm really manic, um, especially as I got older, a lot of those were manic depression, where I was super high energy and super positive about all the negative shit in my life and really letting it go full throttle.
Lauren Anderson: If that kind of makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm, I'm just curious. Um, when have you adjusted any stimulant at all today of any kind, including caffeine energy drink Coke.
Lauren Anderson: Just made coffee. I've had a couple sips. So it's I've had maybe like forceps, it's still pretty full like to hear and that's it actually slept better last night.
Lauren Anderson: That's why text today I slept in. I've been getting up at like seven 730 actually which I did. I would say I slept from like 11 to 1230
Lauren Anderson: And then I went back to sleep at about five and woke up at seven and then I took my subs and then went back to bed at eight and got up at like a like few minutes before 10 so I got almost but that's almost six hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was interrupted sleep not back to back, but still
Lauren Anderson: It was a little better than I've had, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know. Okay. Okay. Wow. Congratulations. And let me tell you something that makes a difference in how our brain functions. It really does.
Lauren Anderson: moods. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just to be clear, you have had none. No stimulants at all in the last would you say 2448 hours or have you had a little
Lauren Anderson: Well, just the coffee. I make, like, two cups of coffee in the morning, you know, the coffee pot make that it's a it goes up to about here in this cup, which is, I don't know what this is 16 ounce maybe
Lauren Anderson: And that's it. I usually don't finish it. So maybe 10 ounces of coffee in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you had any cocaine or mass in the last 48 hours.
Lauren Anderson: No, I, I believe I tried enough like two times maybe three times. Years ago.
Lauren Anderson: That's all my experience with it. It's a very different. I mean, I know they're both stimulants, but you
Lauren Anderson: Let's say you take a line of cocaine, you get high. And then you're down within about an hour. You take a line and Matthew, you're up for three days. It's, it's a very different, very different drug. So only done that two or three times ever and about 15 years ago something so
Gwenevere Abriel: So probably what I'll do what you're informing me is when I asked that question of, when was your last use I'll probably just say hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the last time you had had cocaine and we'll
Lauren Anderson: Just like leave you that that assume I won't be doing this.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, what is the Wednesday. Okay. Wednesday before last, I think.
Lauren Anderson: Because I
Lauren Anderson: Talked with you and Dr. Gabriel to know that. Yeah, it was the Wednesday before last, I think, right, because we spoke last Tuesday. She joined our individual and I'd had it the Wednesday before that so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's
Lauren Anderson: Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go down here to we were starting or I was seeking to clarify what mental health issues will be in our work together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you clarified, for me, which is very useful is hey, Glenn don't really want to talk about saying goodbye to cocaine don't really want to say goodbye to cutting but you know we can do
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take those let's talk about those moods, talk about the moods and what are we talking about the deep sad and the high manic is that exactly moods that you're talking about.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, yeah. Okay. All right, it just be nice to be able to direct them or I don't really want to get rid of my highs and lows. But how I deal with them the tools I use to deal with them could probably be a lot more positive.
Lauren Anderson: I think a lot of my issues that that lot of times what would drive me into it. I've had a lifetime of obsessions, like I i get obsessed with someone. Usually it's not someone that even knows I exist.
Lauren Anderson: But, and then for the guys I pick the actual guys I dated and stuff now in retrospect, they're all like my step mom to the tea leaves the dynamics are emotional
Lauren Anderson: psychological abuse or so. I've never had a physical puncher abuser. But I every single when I've dated has been that mental psychological abuse of every single one. And that more times than anything else has driven me to hurt myself and driven me into deep deep deep despair.
Lauren Anderson: So, and it can be someone also that I'm just, I'm in love with obsessed with it doesn't even know it then goes on for years and uh torments me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, gotcha. So
Lauren Anderson: Really think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can hear it now you have
Gwenevere Abriel: You have this
Gwenevere Abriel: You have one of these brains that can store logic, reason can really store away right you've got math, it can see sequence, it can really have sort of that logical side over there, you clarify this word hypo or hyper V on it right away.
Lauren Anderson: Right, it's out the window when I'm upset. I know I can be logical and know when I'm doing is irrational or that it'll pass and I just even so it's my logic not able to convince my mood brain.
Lauren Anderson: When it when it's that extreme.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. And that is typical. Those are my peeps. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone. These are the people I'm, I'm with you guys every day all day. Okay, this is my comfort zone. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not daunted by it. I'm I'm welcoming this information. I'm not overwhelmed, none of that. It's just really wanting to know our terms because
Lauren Anderson: Understand that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I will. Because each word
Gwenevere Abriel: Each of us comes about the meaning of through different experiences you might there might be some word that I just I offend you somehow I say something that you're just like,
Lauren Anderson: To fit. It's me wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yep. And, and so out loud in here. I want to in advance. Say I probably will. I don't mean to I'll probably offend you. I'll make a mistake, and I'll hurt your feelings. I won't intend it. And my hope is that you'll come back in here and even if you're angry.
Lauren Anderson: But, you know, let me know.
Lauren Anderson: I will
Lauren Anderson: Try to I did learn that from my step mom, my dad was to be very open
Lauren Anderson: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so my
Lauren Anderson: Fault almost like TMI or, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Well, it'll play out in here to the same way it does with I might use this word, a motto, and I might say, well, it's sort of plays out. We recapitulate it
Gwenevere Abriel: With the people that we fallen in love with we draw back in our life that stepmother experience and I look at it from a perspective of it's a chance for us to actually heal, whether that's doing it unconsciously. I know it's our natural instinct to heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't look at it as a pathological thing I say. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to heal from that traumatic unproductive really sort of dysfunctional relationship with step mom. We keep bringing it back in our life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will, you know, because of transference and counter transference and all of that. I'll probably look like her. And if we can hang on long enough. If there gets to be enough trust in here where you can say
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm afraid you're judging me. I'm afraid I'm afraid no matter how many times you try and tell me that you think I'm good, or good enough. I still think you're thinking in the back of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: something negative about me or waiting until the end of the session when you're going to slam me
Lauren Anderson: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to pull the rug out from under me right at the end. So I just made up a story just completely out of the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where your work in here. Maybe really meaningful, it might play out in our relationship. So don't be surprised if you're pissed off at me.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I guess I'm not real comfortable with female therapist because the
Lauren Anderson: Issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'll be step mom and so that now I happen to be aware of that stuff. And so I don't take it personally. I know that I'm paying attention to me. Am I being respectful. Am I do I care about her. Yes, I do. It's
Lauren Anderson: Usually, since it when someone's being negative like we're talking about criticism.
Lauren Anderson: Game group and
Lauren Anderson: Sometimes I mean, okay. Let's, for example, I go play open mic and afterwards. I call it the golden ticket compliment because it's happened to me so many times. Someone comes up great set
Lauren Anderson: And then they proceed to insult me and demean me for like 10 minutes just bash me and I know I've heard they're set to. I know it's like a
Lauren Anderson: Insecurity and the jealousy thing and I can explain that to my brain to help me feel better about the fact that they just were just so wickedly cruel to me. Um, but it doesn't mean it doesn't hurt just because I know why they're doing it doesn't mean it doesn't hurt my feelings.
Lauren Anderson: I like my step mom, I'm pretty sure she was doing it because it was a
Lauren Anderson: Jealousy thing or a competition with her daughter.
Lauren Anderson: I said I didn't make it hurt any less. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: The comma, but right all the stuff before it all that praise and accolade is completely annihilated from the comma. But let's
Lauren Anderson: Start with the real short vague compliment and then they get
Lauren Anderson: Specific and just mean
Lauren Anderson: Not intentionally bashing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that I can recognize it right away. I haven't felt that from you at
Lauren Anderson: All so far. I mean sometimes I get frustrated but I haven't felt that negative
Lauren Anderson: Like undercurrent or anything like that from you I can usually be front. I think because of my step mom unless it's someone I'm in love with and dating. I can see it really clearly right away, and since it when someone's not coming from a good place with their criticism or words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even then,
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll be something about a gesture, it's so subtle, it might be something I wear little hand gesture some little flip of the hair. It could be any number of things that I might do. Maybe the doctor, won't you
Gwenevere Abriel: And your limbic system right it will flood you and hijack and you know how you want to say, well, I know logic and reason. Well, let's just say it's this let's play with this little theory. See if you, if you like. This is the theory I use
Gwenevere Abriel: When we experience ongoing developmental trauma, which it sounds like you. You have you over and over and over and over and over and
Gwenevere Abriel: Over. Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: The limbic system gets so activated right and it floods.
Gwenevere Abriel: The hippocampus, which holds all our memories. It's a fantastic part of the brain that's really good. And that's its job. It, it holds all these great memories.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when that flood of the amygdala comes in and actually cuts off, believe it or not, it cuts off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reaching other parts of the brain, the messages that normally would go all the way to the different parts of the brain, and they can coordinate their efforts in the remember it, including logic it's cut off it goes right here and
Gwenevere Abriel: All it does is flood. Look at this. This is your, your hippocampus. Right. The ninja comes in these big floods, day after day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hippocampus that's met note down here memory part this is hippocampus. So watch this. This is so cool. Once I got this. I was like, that's some cool science right there, yo.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here comes so here comes right
Gwenevere Abriel: The image just like hey flood flood hijack hijack and it is releasing a you know this cortisol.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's flooding cortisol over this hippocampus and that would all be fine. It's not great but this hippocampus is covered in cortisol receptors.
Gwenevere Abriel: The very memory part, the one that needs to have a proper timestamp, the one that needs to know that this event was in the past and not happening now is corrupted
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that cortisol is just flooding it all the time. Flooding flooding it here's what happens to memory and just want to talk about this for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: timestamp.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's necessary. This happened when I was 10 1520
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't there, it messes that cortisol messes with the timestamp. So every time someone like me, I could be boyfriend. I could be female, whatever, right, it triggers something in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it amygdala response that limbic response feels as if it's happening when now you're there's a timestamp. It's like it's all just this flooding of intensity right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense to me because I'm like, huh, and over time to the interventions. If you decide to continue right to keep working with me and doing some of these these techniques together. What I've watched just this
Gwenevere Abriel: All of a sudden, people are able to say, well, you know, this time the sky at work, he pissed me off for this woman said something snarky and we're normally I'd be flooded and and I would want to punch her in the face, or I want to go cut or whatever the responses I noticed something different.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a distance. There's a slight distance between my response.
Gwenevere Abriel: And my right, or sorry, my stimulus. And my response. There's just this little bit of distance and then over time it gets further and further so that the events of history, stay in the past where they belong. They're not relived in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's exciting. I like that. I like to psychotherapy confirm that medicine can't do that. That's why behavioral health and the things that you and I are going to do, or at least going to invite you to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can bring that healing for people
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I believe it. I agree. It's really important to talking
Lauren Anderson: Through it, and then sticking hopefully with the same therapist for a long time so you can really
Lauren Anderson: You know, draw all the issues and get to the nitty gritty. I know. I feel like it's more important, like I should be a therapist for the rest of my life, but not the meds. You know what I mean like eventually get to
Lauren Anderson: A point where I can you know it's a. I agree. It's more important.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice that I didn't hear about your stories just now. I gave you some science right I explained why psychology for many, many years. Right. It's like we've known we've had these theories and science is catching up.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can now see where the blood flows and which part of the brain happens when we label I'm freaking out. I'm having a panic attack and we can measure where does the blood go
Gwenevere Abriel: What's got all the attention. Where are the synopsis occurring. And we have a long way to go before we actually figured it all out. But how exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: That psychology has relied on theory and we're starting to get some biological biochemical you know neurological evidence to support what we've been using us theory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's also transforming the work we're doing to so now how earlier you said yeah this talk I maybe I need to talk and talk about these things. There might be times when you don't want to tell me the story.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Em Dr allows that space.
Lauren Anderson: With em, Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of neat. You can look this up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I movement.
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't just be I move, and I wish they changed the name of it because it's just bilateral stimulation, but em, Dr. I movement Desensitization and Reprocessing so the RS reprocessing DSD sensitization. But when you go look it up. Don't get too hung up on the eye movement.
Lauren Anderson: Because the last word.
Lauren Anderson: Sorry reinterpretation
Gwenevere Abriel: Reprocessing. You got it. Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, yeah, I'll look it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And one of the, it's the go to evidence based intervention for post traumatic stress disorder of like Vietnam vets, what have you. Because a lot of times people don't especially my client population that have sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Sexual violations when they were little, they don't really want to talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What they had an assault here or they had some really right. The whole amygdala gets remember I was telling it. It feels like it's being read lived in the moment they don't want to
Lauren Anderson: Have picking my step mom was boyfriend. So it actually went beyond her I continued with that same dynamic
Lauren Anderson: With the guys I dated one after not every single one was my
Lauren Anderson: Step on pretty much the
Lauren Anderson: The dynamic so I kept reinforcing it basically that that trauma, in a way, but I couldn't even see it. You know, I didn't even know when i would i attracted to these men until retrospect like oh my god that was like, just like Vicki very, very strange.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just just restating or I'm staying way sort of on a psycho educational level saying way out here kind of talking about science and I was defining some terms for future work together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to continue the whole piece. This is the part of the reason why I just brought up the am Dr. Is this number hours telling you that the amygdala hijacks
Gwenevere Abriel: And right makes you feel as if that trauma is really happening in the moment. What's really unique about em dr is this. You do not have to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: The trauma. It is so cool. All you have to do, and there is still some desensitization because you're pulling it off in your own awareness. You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, of course you can. Sometimes we want to witness. We want to finally tell someone but that's your choice.
Lauren Anderson: Don't have to do it to them, you know,
Lauren Anderson: You don't think for Tarsus, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have for
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Isn't that wild. That's so cool. I think that's
Lauren Anderson: counterintuitive. I
Lauren Anderson: Don't know that I buy it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Completely. You don't have to. It's so cool. So for some people they don't want to say it. It's so activating and re traumatizing to say it again. They don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have this other piece which is to do the Desensitization and Reprocessing experience through the bilateral stimulation and it works. It's so cool. So if there's ever a time where you don't want to tell the story.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you want to have a different relationship with that story with that memory with that image with that emotion. We have alternative techniques that we can do and it is working even here through the cello medicine.
Lauren Anderson: But, uh, but if I can talk about it.
Lauren Anderson: Will be beneficial or
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. You, this has to do with creating options for you guys. If you, if you're in. Usually I can tell whether someone wants been yeah wants to talk about it or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: For many of us, like what you're probably describing is you want to say it right and you can want high reaction, you can kind of see, you know, she feels
Lauren Anderson: Allies, it kind of get an affirmation and assurance that uh
Lauren Anderson: I'm not just crazy. And she was in the right the whole time thing, right, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: All Yeah, then it's going to be really important for you to make sure you get, get those stories out
Lauren Anderson: I could understand sexual abuse, especially as kids that they've. I think if that were the case with me. I don't know that I'd want to talk about it with people either
Lauren Anderson: Write
Lauren Anderson: A whole
Lauren Anderson: Whole nothing I could see that for sure.
Lauren Anderson: Even physical abuse it.
Lauren Anderson: There's kind of a shame. Maybe involved with it with if your parents are doing that unspeakable kinda I know I can understand
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do something a little different today before because we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of time, I'd like to take just the last little piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like I'm inviting you to take a look at today's session.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just rewind it
Gwenevere Abriel: And look through it. Your memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're coming away with what's your maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: A slightly
Gwenevere Abriel: new insight that you have into yourself maybe you noticed something a little different about yourself today. It could be just the smallest thing. But what what do you think you noticed about me. That was a little different.
Lauren Anderson: Um,
Lauren Anderson: I don't know.
Lauren Anderson: I, I definitely I'm gonna look up the EMT ER and the non lateral
Lauren Anderson: Bilateral bilateral the bilateral thing. I wrote it down bilateral stimulation. I'm gonna look those up. So I kind of an end the parts of the brains of a little better basis when we're talking about it next time.
Lauren Anderson: Totally that's on my list of to do's okay um and I don't know I always feel afterwards, no matter what. But, you know, I'm a little more emotional I feel cleansed, a bit like that day I feel refreshed like a
Lauren Anderson: Bit of a new
Lauren Anderson: New Leaf turning over a new leaf, a little bit afterwards I feel refreshed. No matter, no matter what it's positive, and it's reassuring. So I don't know, different. I DON'T KNOW. I'D LIKE TO INTERRUPT YOU less and be able to shut my mouth.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, without
Lauren Anderson: You know, I do and I literally can't stop myself sometimes it's well I know I can. I need to learn to
Lauren Anderson: Me to, like, shut up, Lauren.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going on and on, on
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I heard you. There's a sense of relief and there's this
Gwenevere Abriel: There's an inner critic there too, which is shush. Oh, look at you, you're talking so much but there's also relief there. If there's that both and again
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a really
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm still criticizing myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, that's one of the things, Major, I'd like to address here actually as my a
Lauren Anderson: Nice social anxiety. I, I, not this way at home alone when I'm with people I have that my heart starts racing.
Lauren Anderson: My palms are sweaty and I feel like I'm going to start weeping and I can't shut up. I'm like motor mouth, and it's a
Lauren Anderson: People think I don't know if they think it's because I'm extra social and open and talkative. It's really not that, in fact, it's the exact opposite. I'm so uncomfortable and nervous.
Lauren Anderson: And I can't even get ahold of myself and it would be nice to that I can see it affects other people and it's, I don't know, it doesn't really reflect me very well, because I'm pretty sure it's probably misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, let's, let's, I'm going to reopen this this note, let's try it a little goal around that. I'm excited because I liked. I like that idea. The second time you brought that up. So let me get in here and
Lauren Anderson: Now just off to the talking about and talking so fast I
Lauren Anderson: It is there, right there. Like I feel like I'm gonna start weeping. At the same time, it's
Lauren Anderson: It's with it. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is the third time I've seen it and it's right at the end. So there's something going on.
Lauren Anderson: And you know it happened earlier to
Lauren Anderson: Oh yeah, three or four times.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks a lot like the yes but
Gwenevere Abriel: It looks a lot like the comma. But as if like the whole session is okay. This is really, that's all nice and find a good one is when going to slam me right at the end. Hey, I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Okay, I'm not worried about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, um, I wanted to see if we can. Real quick, I'm going to type something up. You know how you just said social anxiety and you identified some behaviors. Let's refine them. What would you like to see yourself do more of
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like to see yourself do less of around social anxiety.
Lauren Anderson: Um, I would like to try to restrain myself maybe at the beginning from just starting to talk because that I'm starting to recognize it with you.
Lauren Anderson: Because when I'm listening. I can keep my mouth shut. I wonder if I could just as an experiment around people not speak because once I start. It's hard for me to control it just
Lauren Anderson: You know that like you've seen some maybe that could be not permanent, you know, never speak whenever I'm people but just, uh, I don't know. I'd like to be able to, if I open my mouth to just respond or make my comment without extrapolating endlessly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see if we can refine that even more. That's exciting. Um, so, let's see, we've got you. You push back and tell me what yours is. But see, if we're getting close with this one. I'd like to see myself respond to any question this just as an experiment to any question in
Gwenevere Abriel: five words or less.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or 10 words or less. Are we getting close.
Lauren Anderson: Maybe five or less, but I think 10am I'd already be on my diary, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see how close. How much do we really saying five words I found that experience welcoming that's five words do you think
Lauren Anderson: Maybe, maybe seven or eight, I don't know, maybe up to 10, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about that. Let's just start somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're even being able to live it, it
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be kind of cool for you to be like, Oh my gosh, I did it on. Now, let me see if I can tighten it even more we can play in there. Let's see what happens with under 10
Lauren Anderson: Okay, and they do. I think if I don't, because that's when I start talking because of the
Lauren Anderson: I don't know if it's because I don't I don't start talking because I'm anxious, but because of my anxiety and uncomfortable at once I start talking that the fact that it's like the attentions on me because I'm speaking make
Lauren Anderson: ME NERVOUS. And then I can't shut up. So it kind of activates the anxiety because suddenly I'm in the spotlight.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Lauren Anderson: Sad. I'm more comfortable on stage playing piano than anything else in the world. And I'm not nervous about it. Well, good nervous. The beginning, you know, it helps you perform better, but
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so I've got an idea of kind of how to work this piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around the sort of homework invitation part some little behavioral experiment for you to try on but I want to put in quotes. I love my quotes
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I want to hear from you what your goal is. See if you can wrap in the words social anxiety. See if you can label.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to baba baba blah social anxiety something with social nice and short so you can keep it in under 10 words if we can find it. What's your goal around your social anxiety.
Lauren Anderson: For this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: No for the whole your life.
Lauren Anderson: I don't know.
Lauren Anderson: I don't, I don't really know. I mean, where do I go and I can't
Lauren Anderson: When I'm not, I don't know.
Lauren Anderson: I don't know what I want
Gwenevere Abriel: I want less social anxiety.
Lauren Anderson: I want to feel it. That's for
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, then that's the one just so simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's a beautiful one
Lauren Anderson: Nice. I like my thought processes to be
Lauren Anderson: Called as comb.
Lauren Anderson: Around people as they are when I'm alone.
Lauren Anderson: So that I can express myself succinctly without overwhelming my listeners with so much information because it's not mindless dribble dribble, but it's a lot of information when I just keep going and going and this because this, uh, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Lauren Anderson: I probably creating anxiety and hundred people.
Gwenevere Abriel: So well
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this together, let's, my eyes are closed and I'm going to turn my head to slide off to the side.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do a little bit of breathing only just like let's say we'll set three breaths.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to see what it's like to be here together without words, just so we can test this theory, we've got
Lauren Anderson: The no words. Okay. It really is. When I speak that the anxiety comes I could sit with someone in silence comfortably.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're talking. So let's see ready. Here we go. Three inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, helping out
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale,
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale into the belly nice expanded lower
Gwenevere Abriel: lower part of the body, they're expanding and then when you're ready, just exhale it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep your eyes closed. If you can pay attention to your heart. See if it increase in its rate demand for oxygen or if it stayed the same.
Lauren Anderson: New columns on third stop talking.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did. Okay. Oh, that's exciting. So that's, that's something we can work with. Right.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I knew that I know that to be true. It's the talking that activates it and then I
Lauren Anderson: Get up.
Lauren Anderson: I think maybe five words is better than 10 honestly I think 10 is a little too far out in the field where I'll lose hold
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll keep going. So
Lauren Anderson: Then I think before I speak. Okay, five words put in your response to five, you know,
Lauren Anderson: more manageable. Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it. And what I would invite you to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get more into the breath work, but we're kind of at the end of the hour here. For most people, it's key.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to want to really explain that in depth and invite you to practice it on a regular basis. But in the meantime, I love your idea and I go back and change the goal to five no more than five words. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: What do you mean breathing this key like when I'm actually with someone in this experiment with the five words.
Lauren Anderson: And what would you, what would be your
Lauren Anderson: Recommendation with the room I
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell you, I will tell you exactly what it is. This is what it would look like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one, it is the belly breathing and that's very, it's a pretty formal piece. We did a tiny bit of it, but it was right at the end. And I don't know that it's stuck. And I know you already know breath work. So this is socially what it would look like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone asked me a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I give myself permission to take a breath to create time for blood to return to my brain not to my large muscle groups and blood goes back to my brain. And I remember. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am doing an experiment. Every time someone talks to me. I'm just going to say five words, I'm actually going to write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, here's my response to this guy won't do you really like that that artist. I mean, he's kind of like kind of cheating and he kind of cheats and borrow someone else's music me really like me respect that guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like Sam whatever I'm making up a name. Sam Jones made up an artist. I like I like Sam Jones 1234. Wait a minute. I LIKE JOHN Sam.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because of his
Gwenevere Abriel: melodies 1234567. I don't know how we can accomplish this in five words. But if you can. That's great. I had a hard time even responding with seven
Gwenevere Abriel: By
Lauren Anderson: 10 then make but but breathing. First, maybe we'll make reasonable manage
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what it. Yep. Here comes the breath. This is what it looks like. Socially
Lauren Anderson: Okay with hi Gwen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Here we go. Watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: She got half smile. I'm breathing now and I'm staying socially engaged. I'm looking at this person and I want you to see how long it actually takes whether it really is that awkward silence. So here we go say hi to me again.
Lauren Anderson: Okay. Hey, Glenn. What do you think about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like Sam because of his rich melodies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, did you notice I went I gave, there was time. Did you want to see it again. I went like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I took a breath and I smiled, and I kind of move my body. I was also still in connection and communicating with them.
Lauren Anderson: I really know your
Gwenevere Abriel: We do see it. I, I was smiling staying engaged. But I took time for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is my moment to not just their demand for my opinion about something, but this is my moment and I don't want to be stressed out in this
Lauren Anderson: One.
Lauren Anderson: Are we about done with my friend just showed up to the walk. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do or
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I need to message, your doctor to order more medication. Do I need to message her doctor, doctor.
Lauren Anderson: No, I think we're good. I'm I've got the new stuff. I think the gabapentin starting last night, how
Gwenevere Abriel: All, all the way to your next appointment. Is that right, yeah, we're not going to get a call, like, oh,
Lauren Anderson: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have enough medicine to get you to your next group which is Monday.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah. Oh.
Lauren Anderson: I wanted to ask, can we make our individual a little more in between the group so that I don't have a five day off period like Thursday or Friday probably would be
Lauren Anderson: Totally better. Cool.
Separately.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what about
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 P on Thursday, April 16
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, realistically, what's changed that I know myself. I'm going to be coming out of my 11 O'clock group, and I'm going to be late to your appointment. Let's just schedule it for 1210
Lauren Anderson: Okay, like you can have more time if you want one more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: 1210 let's say 1210 that gives me a chance to wrap things up in my 11 O'clock room, and then I won't be late to you.
Lauren Anderson: Okay that's next Thursday. The 16th 1210
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Lauren Anderson: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, I'm excited to hear how your experiment goes yeah
Lauren Anderson: Me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: I attack you later.
Lauren Anderson: Alright. Have a good week. Bye.